what I'm working on right now:
make sure extra shape does not get created when doing already existing mesh. altho... hmm... it only gets created because we're also selecting the parent construction shape that's also along the grid... right?
now just fix the extra shape, then make a defaut testing ground with ready-made background and windows (with labels...) so we can actually makethe damage and age thing work. ok?
now is the time to try to clean stuff up, implement small easy things, see if there is anything left in terms of selex, and then remove things from the UI that won't be added

importante: maybe apply physically based shading techniques as those described by megan walker in her thesis "REALISTIC AGING OF MATERIALS IN COMPUTER GRAPHICS"

making root(1) and root into custom bases getsdifferent results
"now hooking up selex panel with id -122950 as a child to the gameobject with id -122950" fuck
UI logger or tooltip to stop and tell of problems/illegal actions without breaking the software
reset button so you dont have to restart entire program (just reload scene?)
defaults for unfilled inputfields should just be zero...?
ability to remove UI parts (press little x to delete, ez)
finishing building also moves it in world space... not ideal
default length for custom base should be like 10 or 20 not 1
why can we sometimes draw the custom base panel, outside of the panel? should not work. 
make roof textures coherent across triangles.. (on top of the fancy roof for example)
some sort of limit on the length of the inset of fancy roof so they dont cross one another
fancy roof doesnt work if wall itself does not have a mesh filter on its component...
fancy roof works differently depending on if its an automatic or a custom roof. le sigh... (is it the orientation of the walls? like obj.transform.right seems to be different. strange. 
i could rechnically add an undo button by just erasing everything, redo each execute, except for the last one...?
adding shapes onto child of a child, makes them bigger instead of smaller. why
some sort of indicator telling you an action has been completed (e.g. adding a grid, how can you know it really was added for example

maybe add functionality to make future objects not spawn on me... like on te grid for example..? idk tho cuz that fucks up labels. hm
